warning this video has spoilers now over
the weekend water brothers seems to have
gotten the green light for at least Man
of Steel to if not an entire DC
Cinematic Universe and while the first
film's box office performance over the
next few weeks will dictate if the team
of Nolan Snyder and gore stays firmly
intact fans are already abuzz about the
prospects of Lex Luthor debuting as the
sequel's villain wait a minute was it
everyone saying they were tired of Lex
Luthor as late as last week what changed
in my opinion Superman before Luthor was
the big city businessman who was jealous
of the farm boy turned superhero but Man
of Steel has reimagined Superman
changing him from a human who discovers
he has godlike powers to an alien who
feels he's a god this Superman talks
about himself is being severed from
humanity and makes it clear that using
his powers for good and for America is a
choice furthermore this Superman feels
he has the right to decide who lives and
who dies and I'm not just talking about
Zod many of you who've commented on the
mass destruction and therefore mass
deaths that take place during the fight
scenes a man of steel with Superman
never making an effort to move the
fights to unpopulated areas and
sometimes even bringing them to
populated one such as with the
Smallville main street fight and as many
of us watched Superman destroy cities
and then take a life individually many
of us realize that this alien was like
having a nuclear power plant nearby sure
it can do a lot of good but if it has a
meltdown a lot of us are going to die I
believe that it's this very moment that
suddenly Lex Luthor became relatable to
audiences no longer would see the
cartoonish one-dimensional villain
played by Gene Hackman and then Kevin
Spacey some of you have also commented
this mass destruction and death could be
the perfect launching point for Lex
Luthor in the sequel as he speaks out
against an alien threat and mind you
this time it's not some alien threat
he's making up for personal gain but a
very real threat plus we know Lex Luthor
is coming at some point as he'll surely
want to know what the hell happened to
his trucks in construction site in the
past I've said that Hugo Weaving who's
decided not to reprise his role as the
Red Skull would be a great Lex Luthor
but this new potential for the character
might require new blood to the comic
book genre the first actor who sprays to
my mind is bryan cranston or perhaps
michael c hall I also think Walton
Goggins would be great as well as
Matthew Rhys sure Reese looks a lot like
cavil
he's already proven to be a chameleon on
the Americans by the way I've gone with
cable TV picks because they're cheap
while still being prestigious and also
Marvel's pretty much tapped every film
actor out there largely just regarding
to the galaxy alone so if you changed
your mind about Lex Luthor do you think
he should be the villain in Man of Steel
to and if so a clear-cut villain or
simply an antagonist to Superman write
your thoughts down below I'm Grace
Randolph and this has been a movie byte
you can watch more right now